docs: add new contribution guidelines + briefly explain release process (#3009)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

[README](./testing/matrix-sdk-integration-testing/README.md) to easily set up a
synapse for testing purposes.

## Commit messages and PR title guidelines

Ideally, a PR should have a *proper title*, with *atomic logical commits*, and each commit
should have a *good commit message*.

> An *atomic logical commit* is one that is ideally small, can be compiled in isolation, and pass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An *atomic logical commit* is one that is ideally small, can be compiled in isolation, and passes
```

tests. This is useful to make the review process easier (help your reviewer), but also when running
bisections, helping identifying which commit introduced a regression.

A *good commit message* should be composed of:

- a hint to which area/feature is related by the commit
- a short description that would give sufficient context for a reviewer to guess what the commit is
  about.

Examples of commit messages that aren't so useful:

- “add new method“
- “enhance performance“
- “fix receipts“

Examples of good commit messages:

> - “ffi: add new method `frobnicate_the_foos`”
> - “indexeddb: break up the request inside `get_inbound_group_sessions`”
> - “read_receipts: store receipts locally, fixing #12345”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- “ffi: Add new method `frobnicate_the_foos`”
- “indexeddb: Break up the request inside `get_inbound_group_sessions`”
- “read_receipts: Store receipts locally, fixing #12345”
```

Not just me who prefers this, right?

Reviewer 2: I approve this proposal.

Author: I don't prefer it, both work for me, and I won't blame anyone who's not putting it uppercase, but yeah we can still show it in examples if you have a strong opinion here.

A *proper PR title* would be a one-liner summary of the changes in the PR, following the
same guidelines of a good commit message.

(An additional bad example of a bad PR title would be `mynickname/branch name`, that is, just the
branch name.)

> Having good commit messages and PR titles help easing the reviews too, scanning the `git log` of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having good commit messages and PR titles also helps with reviews, scanning the `git log` of
```
